OSDOCS-3986: Content Porting of "CLI Tools" book to OSD and ROSA docs (#61523)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/cli-installing-cli-web-console.adoc

[id="cli-installing-cli-web-console_{context}"]
= Installing the OpenShift CLI by using the web console

> You can install the OpenShift CLI (`oc`) to interact with {product-title} 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can install the {oc-first} to interact with {product-title} 
```
Out of scope here, but you can if you'd ilke.
